# CDS WG1 (Registration) Meeting 2025-07-10

Recording: TODO

## Agenda
* Welcome
* Final comments for Use Cases pull request and approval for merging
    * https://github.com/lfe-cds/CDS-Registration/pull/6
* Discussion of request to merge CDS-WG1-01 (DRAFT)
    * https://github.com/lfe-cds/CDS-Registration/pull/4
* Discussion of updates to CDS-WG1-02 (new message type of `grant_request`)

## Attendees
* Daniel Roesler (UtilityAPI) (Maintainer)
* TODO

## Minutes
* TODO

## Closing Discussion
* Consensus to commit this to repo? Yes/No

